# Optimal-Route-AI
Assignment for solving the problem of finding the optimal route for a worker in a metropolis who needs to commute from their workplace to their home over a period of 3 months (80 working days). The worker solves the problem offline every evening before departure and follows the route plan suggested by your program on the following day. Your program will calculate two route plans per day: (a) using a user-defined heuristic search algorithm, and (b) using the IDA* algorithm. You are also required to provide a simulation of the problem, recording the actual cost of each proposed route daily (assuming both proposed routes - one from each algorithm - are taken each day).

Your program will accept an input file every "evening" containing a multigraph with nodes representing points visited by the worker and edges representing the roads the worker can take, connecting the nodes. For each road, the file will specify the "normal" time cost of traveling on that road, along with an estimation of whether the road will experience "heavy," "normal," or "low" traffic flow on the following day. The exact description of your input file is given in Appendix 1. If a road indeed has "heavy" traffic during a day, the actual travel cost will be increased by 25% compared to normal; if it has "low" traffic, the travel cost will be 10% lower than the normal cost.
Furthermore, it is implemented and executed the online search algorithm LRTA* to solve the problem faced by the worker every morning, using information about the "actual" state of the roads on that day. However, consider that the computations are done online: the "traversal costs" become known only after traversing a road, and we can only make local moves.
